# WaterExcVA
WaterExcVA

In order to ensure the safety of water use and the stability of enterprise production, water affairs experts need to analyze the water supply data in time and make timely decisions on abnormal conditions. However, experts are faced with great challenges in decision-making, because with the continuous development of Internet of things technology, the amount of water affairs data and the types of related data are increasing rapidly, which makes decision-making require many human resources and time. This situation prompted us to cooperate with experts and put forward a visualization system based on data analysis of urban water supply network system. There are three main challenges in developing such a system: 1. Deep analysis of complex structure of internal facilities of water supply network; 2. Interactive generation of data comparison scheme; 3. Effective methods for analyzing the abnormal causes. For challenge 1, we use customizable visual views from the whole to the details, which can customize and stratify the complex water structure system, so as to effectively explore the abnormal facilities and equipment. For challenge 2, we provide rich interaction methods to facilitate exploring water data according to users’ interests. For challenge 3, we introduce the strategy of influence degree parameter to help users analyze the influence degree of different factors on water affairs data, and help users find the causes of anomalies. Based on the real business needs of water supply enterprises and water supply network data, the system is evaluated by case studies and analysis of experts.
